>> Could Sasquatch be of
extraterrestrial origin?
A controversial recent
scientific experiment
provides some ardent believers
with compelling evidence
for that theory.
This is "Gaia News."
[THEME MUSIC]
In a recent
experiment, researchers
injected human stem cells
into primate embryos
and were able to grow
for the first time
a human primate chimera.
The intent of the experiment
was to provide new insights
into developmental
biology and evolution.
While the study generated
a great deal of controversy
due to ethical
concerns, it is actually
serving a very different
purpose for cryptozoologists
and their work on Sasquatch.
Jack Cary is a cryptozoologist
for whom this experiment has
taken on great significance.
It provides to him
evidence of his theory
that the creature
known as Sasquatch
is actually a chimera.
Cary's theory comes from
the remarkable findings
of the Sasquatch Genome
Project conducted in 2013.
>> There was a study put
together by a geneticist named
Dr. Melba Ketchum.
It included 110
samples that were
sent in from all
over the country
by a cryptozoologist group.
They're in the field for decades
and had collected what they
suspected was Sasquatch DNA.
The results of that were
highly controversial,
and it led many of the
mainstream scientific community
to completely dismiss
the results of the study.
The study concluded that
the mitochondrial DNA,
which is the mother's lineage,
was Homo sapiens sapiens--
it was modern human.
The Y paternal DNA appeared
to be a genetic chimera
construction in and of itself.
This new experiment by
world-class scientists
proves that even on a
basic gene-splicing level,
you are able to successfully
fuse the two genomes together.
>> For Jack Cary, there's
an even broader implication.
>> And this is important in
our battle to gain public
acceptance that creatures like
Sasquatch can and do exist
and that there appears to be
an ET connection which would
explain the highly advanced
chimera work that we found
in the Sasquatch Genome Project.
>> According to Cary, there is
even more evidence for the ET
connection.
>> We know that at least 20%
of all credible UFO or Bigfoot
sightings involves a
UFO also at the scene.
And we have documented,
me included,
disappearing track lines of
these creatures where they seem
to simply vanish into thin air.
I believe that's because
of the ET connection
and that the ETs are actively
working with these creatures.
>> While cryptozoologists
believe there's an ET
connection, they don't know what
the exact mission of creatures
like Sasquatch might be.
Jack Cary has some ideas.
>> There are indications that
they are being used almost
as like a avatar of sorts for
an alien intelligence that
actually has abilities that no
other life form on the planet
has.
And this is yet another
argument that cryptozoologists,
me especially, has--
have argued for a while now.
These creatures have abilities
that no other creature has
on the planet, and
there is nothing
that will fill the
gap between the two.
>> In light of the recent
chimera experiment,
cryptozoologists are now driven
more than ever in their search
for answers.
>> There is no other cryptid
animal that exists in the human
psyche like Sasquatch does.
No other cryptid animal that
hunts the human psyche so much.
The possibilities of which we
are all actually afraid, even
cryptozoologists like me.
The answer to the
Sasquatch mystery
is going to be a much
bigger answer than
whether or not this is a
naturally evolved primate
from the earth.
It's going to tell us a
lot about our relationship
to our accepted
reality, and that's
going to create a lot of change
that people right now don't
even see or grasp.
The repercussions
of proving Sasquatch
true in the minds
of the public will
reverberate through our society
for a very, very long time.
>> For researchers
like Jack Cary,
this latest chimera experiment
could provide just the evidence
needed to prove Sasquatch's
mysterious origins.
For a new perspective,
this is "Gaia News."